[PROF-13293]feat: update memory leak documentation (#33584)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

| `DD_PROFILING_HEAP_ENABLED` | Boolean        | If set to `true`, enables Live Heap profiling (in Preview). Defaults to `false`.  |
| `DD_PROFILING_GC_ENABLED` | Boolean        | If set to `false`, disables Garbage Collection profiling used in Timeline user interface. Defaults to `true`.  |
| `DD_PROFILING_HTTP_ENABLED` | Boolean        | If set to `true`, enables outgoing HTTP request profiling used in Timeline user interface. Defaults to `false`.  |

> | `DD_PROFILING_HEAPSNAPSHOT_ENABLED` | Boolean        | If set to `true`, enables the regular generation of a heap snapshot in case of memory consumption increase. This is used in the [Memory Leak user interface][15]. Defaults to `false`.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_PROFILING_HEAPSNAPSHOT_ENABLED` | Boolean        | If set to `true`, enables the regular generation of a heap snapshot when an increase in memory consumption is detected. This is used in the [Memory Leak user interface][15]. Defaults to `false`.  |
```
